HTML/multimedia-and-embedding/skill-test/readme.md, before:

# Skill test: Multimedia and embedding

_MDN Web Docs Learning Pathway to Front-End Development_

## Challenges from the following lessons:

-   [x] [Images in HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML)
-   [ ] [Video and audio content](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Video_and_audio_content)
-   [ ] [From object to iframe](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Other_embedding_technologies)

You can also check the [MDN Solutions](https://github.com/mdn/learning-area/tree/master/html/multimedia-and-embedding/tasks/) by Chris Mills.

### Skill test: [HTML images](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML/Test_your_skills:_HTML_images)

This aim of this skill test is to assess understanding of how Images work in HTML.

#### HTML images 1:

> In this task we want you to **embed a simple image of some Blueberries into the page**. You need to:
>
> -   [x] Add the path to the image to an appropriate attribute to embed it on the page. The image is called blueberries.jpg, and it is in a folder inside the current folder called images.
> -   [x] Add some alternative text to an appropriate attribute to describe the image, for people that cannot see it.
> -   [x] Give the `<img>` element an appropriate width and height so that it displays at the correct aspect ratio, and enough space is left on the page to display it. **The image's intrinsic size is 615 x 419 pixels**.

#### HTML images 2:

> In this task **you already have a full-featured image**, but we'd like you to:
>
> -   [x]  add a tooltip that appears when the image is moused over; 
> -   [x]  you should put some appropriate information into the tooltip.

#### HTML images 3

> In this final task you are provided with both a full-featured image  and some caption text. What you need to do here is:
>
> - [x] add elements that  will associate the image with the caption.

Commit message:

Audio in HTML: added a media content that has a fallback option.

HTML/multimedia-and-embedding/skill-test/readme.md, after:

# Skill test: Multimedia and embedding

_MDN Web Docs Learning Pathway to Front-End Development_

## Challenges from the following lessons:

-   [x] [Images in HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML)
-   [ ] [Video and audio content](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Video_and_audio_content)
-   [ ] [From object to iframe](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Other_embedding_technologies)

You can also check the [MDN Solutions](https://github.com/mdn/learning-area/tree/master/html/multimedia-and-embedding/tasks/) by Chris Mills.

### Skill test: [HTML images](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML/Test_your_skills:_HTML_images)

> This aim of this skill test is to assess understanding of how Images work in HTML.

#### HTML images 1:

> In this task we want you to **embed a simple image of some Blueberries into the page**. You need to:
>
> -   [x] Add the path to the image to an appropriate attribute to embed it on the page. The image is called blueberries.jpg, and it is in a folder inside the current folder called images.
> -   [x] Add some alternative text to an appropriate attribute to describe the image, for people that cannot see it.
> -   [x] Give the `<img>` element an appropriate width and height so that it displays at the correct aspect ratio, and enough space is left on the page to display it. **The image's intrinsic size is 615 x 419 pixels**.

#### HTML images 2:

> In this task **you already have a full-featured image**, but we'd like you to:
>
> -   [x]  add a tooltip that appears when the image is moused over; 
> -   [x]  you should put some appropriate information into the tooltip.

#### HTML images 3

> In this final task you are provided with both a full-featured image  and some caption text. What you need to do here is:
>
> - [x] add elements that  will associate the image with the caption.

### Skill test: [Multimedia and embedding](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Video_and_audio_content/Test_your_skills:_Multimedia_and_embedding)

> The aim of this skill test is to assess whether the understanding of [Video and audio content](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Video_and_audio_content) and [From object to iframe — other embedding technologies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Other_embedding_technologies) articles.

#### Multimedia and embedding 1

> In this task we want you to embed a simple audio file onto the page. You need to:
>
> - [x] Add the path to the audio file to an appropriate attribute to embed it on the page. The audio is called `audio.mp3`, and ~~it is~~  it must be in a folder inside a current folder called `media`.
> - [x] Add an attribute to make browsers display some default controls.
> - [x] Add some appropriate fallback text for browsers that don't support `<audio>`.
